well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about uh
another alice analogy
the reason i love them is because
they're very fitting for today
you know the whole idea is that it's
nonsense everything is what it isn't
and that's pretty apt for
the current state of the united states
where people who agree on things
will oppose each other simply based on
labels
so today we are going to talk about how
conservatives
uh constantly advocate for the policies
that aoc
wants really
in fact conservatives are actually
better at
bringing social democratic policies
to the people than social democrats are
because conservatives constantly
advocate for
health care better health care even
guaranteed
bank loans for houses mental health care
free college food security
housing better funded schools
day care access legal help for like
estate planning and stuff like that
family planning
and retirement for everybody
those are social democratic policy that
that's what aoc
and her crew that's what they want
and right now the conservatives are like
we don't we got us wrong
we don't advocate for that that that's
that's wrong if
americans had that well they'd be lazy
but see they know that's not true
because they do advocate for it
constantly for a subset of the
population
and i don't think there is a
conservative out there
who would be willing to come forth and
say that members of the u.s military
are lazy i don't believe that person
exists
the military has all that why
because deep down conservatives know
that it makes people more productive
it makes the organization more efficient
they know this it's why they fight so
hard
for the military to have it
and if you were to ask conservatives
about the military
they would say that it's the greatest on
the planet
if it makes the military the greatest on
what do you think it would do for the
rest of the country
the other argument would be that no no
no see those in the military they earned
it
they earned it the factory worker the
farmer the truck driver the teacher the
firemen
they didn't huh
i don't think it's sad either i think
they know
the country would be better off if
people had this
but they're trained
they are trained to oppose it by those
on the top who want
those on the bottom divided who don't
want the average american to have a
sense of security
because the system requires that they be
insecure
so they constantly chase that dollar
so those at the top can make more
dollars
that's what it's about i would suggest
that the average conservative knows
that this kind of access to these
social features would not make people
lazy
they know it doesn't they advocate for
it for the very people we expect to be
least lazy
i think
it really has to do with them just
accepting
that um those at the top need us divided
and the other side to this
and one of the other reasons those at
the top don't want everybody to have
this
is because if everybody did have it
i imagine it'd be a whole lot harder
to get young poor kids to sign up to go
fight unnecessary wars
so those at the top can make more money
you want to support the troops you want
to support the vets
stop turning them into combat vets if
everybody had this
that'd probably be a step in that
direction
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day